we're going to cross now live to Gaza
where a health Ministry spokesperson has
just begin begin speaking let's listen
52 Ms lost their lives and
wounded these massacr are still
ongoing and the occupation the Israeli
occupation is still committing its
massacr
and is still targeting every single
thing in gaza's strip the appetite of
the Israeli occupation is still
ongoing ethnical
cleansing is still ongoing and anything
that is not Jewish is targeted and has
been targeted the Israeli
occupation has also
targeted the Orthodox Church in the
Center of
Gaza until
now 16 Mars have lost the L from our
Christian
Brothers who have resorted to this
church for
protection they
used and the
world
used to protect the civilians
particularly in the churches and mosques
where people resort to the Israeli
occupation through this brutal Massacre
to change the rule of protection in the
churches and in the MOs it is a
1,700 years old church in Gaza strip the
Israeli occupation has turned this
church into a
cemetery that include 16
martys and more other people are under
the rubble dozens of
people were injured and they are now in
the UHA medical complex tens of families
tens of families are there in the
churches and they fall victims to the
Israeli racism and ethnical
cleansing done by the Israeli occupation
and leaders and commanders of the
Israeli occupation today we say this
massacre is similar to other massacres
in Gaza Strip where families complete
families like s family
that have been eliminated from the books
atzi family they are all dead the names
are not there in the
recordings these
families have gone totally other
families are under the reubel the
massacre of the Orthodox Church in Gaza
Strip is an indication that the Israeli
OCC ation is going nonstop in targeting
all the sanctuaries mosques or churches
and this
massacre comes only hours two days after
targeting ear hospital near the Orthodox
church and this massacre in ear madani
Baptist
Hospital is Cannot Be Imagined under any
circumstances even in the Hollywood
movies this massacre of the Baptist
Church resulted in
471 Mars who lost their lives 28 in
critical situation in intensive care
units
314 other people are wounded in
different cases within this only
Massacre the Israeli occupation on the
14th
day
4,137 Ms including
1,661 children
13,2 60 wounded people including more
than one injured of women
1,000 and
more uh civilians are also victims the
massacres committed by the Israeli
occupation against the Palestinian
families including the Christian
families during the
massacre of the Orthodox Church in
resulted
in where the Palestinian blood Muslim or
Christian blood are
together
551 massacr resulted in
3,9
Ms
also the Ministry of Health in Gaza
Strip are still rece
receiving calls about the missing those
people who W missing more than 4,000
inquiry the Israeli
occupation is still committing massacr
against the Palestinian people in Gaza
Strip in different places and in
different ways against the churches
against the MOs the Israeli
occupation hits hospitals without
differentiating between government
hospitals Orthodox Churches mosques here
and there everything has been targeted
in the Gaza Strip which means that the
Israeli occupation doesn't want anyone
in Gaza the Israeli occupation doesn't
want Muslims or Christians in Gaza this
is ethnic
cleansing by the Israeli occupation and
the Israeli lead leadership and Israeli
mentality in
general the Israeli
[Music]
occupation through this ongoing
aggression against Gaza Strip and
through cutting off water
electricity preventing fuel to the
hospitals in Gaza targeting the health
centers and health facili in Gaza
targeting Medical Teams in Gaza this has
led to seven hospitals are out of
service now in Gaza Strip seven main
hospitals are now out of service and 21
Health
Center are out of
[Music]
service
46 of the medical teams have lost their
lives
23 ambulances have been destroyed and
been out of service totally what's going
on in Gaza Strip is a big Massacre
against our Palestinian people against
the Muslims and the Christians of the
Palestinian people and this indicates
that Israel is
undoubtedly going on to commit more
massacres and the international
world is witnessing and saying that's
why we seek protection to our Muslims
and Christian Palestinians we want
protection to our Medical Teams in Gaza
Strip and we want protection to the
health centers Health Centers and health
institutions for Muslims and Christians
in Gaza Strip we urge the International
Community to practice more pressure on
Israel not to Target the ambulances and
we need the supplies to arrive in Gaza
hospitals because there is a sort of
drought now in Gaza hospitals no fuel no
medical supplies no medicines and there
is no time no enough time for the
medical team to work we all say that the
services of the medical teams in the
hospitals are of no way because the
hospitals are now out of service due to
the Israeli aggression and we couldn't
trade the Ang people in Gaza Strip the
the health
Ministry in Gaz is not able to fix the
problem and to te the Eng and to te the
wounded operations are being done on the
floor on the ground on the corridors of
the hospitals and
[Music]
these Medical Teams are now having tents
outside the hospitals in order to
receive the wounded and the injured and
the victims of the Israeli occupation
that's why we urge to rescue and save
and protect the health situation in Gaza
that is now
deteriorating the coming hours are very
critical for The Med teams because they
are in a race against the clock to do
the operations and to rescue the victims
and to treat the Android we need fuel we
need supplies and peace be upon you
all